CodeBlock - Fix line wrapping and highlighting rendering (#2856)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/selfish-apes-breathe.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> `CodeBlock` - Fixed issues with line numbers when line wrapping is present, and line highlighting when hidden from view initially such as inside a tabs component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CodeBlock` - Fixed issues with line numbers when line wrapping is present. Also fixed line highlighting when Code Block is hidden from view initially such as when used inside a Tabs component.
```
